Readme.md, before:

## Running the Pack Calculator service
You must run `docker-compose up`, which will spin up the following services:
- API
- DB

That's all. Once the services are up and running, you may use the API targeting 0.0.0.0 as host and 8000 as port.

## Adding pack sizes

To add a pack size, you must make a request similar to this:

```bash
curl --location '0.0.0.0:8000/api/v1/pack' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "size": 21
}'
```

You can modify the *size* field in the request body as needed.

## Removing pack sizes

To remove a pack size, you must make a request similar to this:

```bash
curl --location --request DELETE '0.0.0.0:8000/api/v1/pack' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "size": 10
}'
```

You can modify the *size* field in the request body as needed.

## Creating the order to calculate packs

To create an order and calculate the packs needed for a specific amount of items, you must make a request similar to this:

```bash
curl --location '0.0.0.0:8000/api/v1/order' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "quantity": 53
}'
```

You can modify the *quantity* field in the request body as needed.

## Pack algorithm used

The high level algorithm used to calculate the packs is the following:

1. Loop through all the quantities specified. If the order has 500 items, then the algorithm will loop from 1 to 500.
2. In each of the quantities, loop through possible pack sizes. This will allow to know all possible packing options.
3. Use previous iterations results to calculate the current quantity. This is a dynamic programming approach
4. Compare possible packing options and identify which is the best one, according to these rules:
- The least number of items must be packed to fulfill the order
- The least number of packs must be used to fulfill the order
5. Save the best option for that order quantity. This result will be used for next iterations.

Commit message:

:pencil: updating live demo docs

Readme.md, after:

## Live Demo

You can target the live demo using the following URL:

*54.237.205.73:8000/api/v1*

All the endpoints specified in this documentation should work in the live demo and locally.

## Running the Pack Calculator service
You must run `docker-compose up`, which will spin up the following services:
- API
- DB

That's all. Once the services are up and running, you may use the API targeting 0.0.0.0 as host and 8000 as port.

## Adding pack sizes

To add a pack size, you must make a request similar to this:

```bash
curl --location '0.0.0.0:8000/api/v1/pack' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "size": 21
}'
```

You can modify the *size* field in the request body as needed.

## Removing pack sizes

To remove a pack size, you must make a request similar to this:

```bash
curl --location --request DELETE '0.0.0.0:8000/api/v1/pack' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "size": 10
}'
```

You can modify the *size* field in the request body as needed.

## Creating the order to calculate packs

To create an order and calculate the packs needed for a specific amount of items, you must make a request similar to this:

```bash
curl --location '0.0.0.0:8000/api/v1/order' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "quantity": 53
}'
```

You can modify the *quantity* field in the request body as needed.

## Pack algorithm used

The high level algorithm used to calculate the packs is the following:

1. Loop through all the quantities specified. If the order has 500 items, then the algorithm will loop from 1 to 500.
2. In each of the quantities, loop through possible pack sizes. This will allow to know all possible packing options.
3. Use previous iterations results to calculate the current quantity. This is a dynamic programming approach
4. Compare possible packing options and identify which is the best one, according to these rules:
- The least number of items must be packed to fulfill the order
- The least number of packs must be used to fulfill the order
5. Save the best option for that order quantity. This result will be used for next iterations.
